---
tags:
  - ðŸ—’ï¸
Date: 2023-06-12
---

# ðŸ¥Clinic:
- [volunteers::Sonja, Danyelle]

## [Killy](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Killy.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Did not want to come out of his cage.

## [Bano](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Bano.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Food]+
>> ##### Yesterday's Food: #mcl/list-grid
>> |ðŸ—‘ï¸ Leftovers| Removed?
>> |---|---|
>>|Headless ðŸ€|No

## [2344 GHOW](../RARE%20Birds/2344%20GHOW.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!notice]
>> ##### ðŸ—¨ï¸Comments:
>> - Last day for Capstar and Metacam, please continue fluids.
>> - Recheck the wrap on 6/16.Â 
>> - If she is stronger I will put under anesthesia to wrap and look at foot.Â Â 
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ’Š Meds:
>> - Capstar
>> - Metacam
>>
>> ##### ðŸ©ºCaregiving:
>> - Applied Vetrasan, tefla and roll gauze.Â  Then added a pool noodle to fit the talons over, then vet wrap.
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Mouth still very pale.
>> - Perching on own.
>> - PLR in both eyes, but the pupils are cloudy.Â 
>> - L foot is not fully closing, noticed a spot on the L foot pad.Â The spot is dry with a scabby center, bumble foot?Â  Poked at the spot a bit, nothing crazy.

# ðŸ¡Barn:
- [volunteers::Danyelle]

## [Asio](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Asio.md), [Denali](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Denali.md):
> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!Food]+
>> ##### Yesterday's Food: #mcl/list-grid
>> |ðŸ—‘ï¸ Leftovers| Removed?
>> |---|---|
>>|0|
>>
>>###### ðŸ’© Pellets:
>>- 0
>
>> [!Medical]+
>>##### ðŸ«§ Clean:
>>- [ðŸ’§](../Admin/Codes/Fresh%20water.md)
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Doing well.
>> - Flying well.

# ðŸ“žCalls:
- [volunteers::]
- Baby squirrel in Des Moines. - When I called back he had found another rehabber.
- Baby opossum in Cedar Rapids - referred on to Dr Jana
- Baby Bunnies in Iowa City - called back and she had spoke to Suzzane who advised her to put them back
- Baby bird (fledge) that was caught in a window well.Â  She removed and he moved on.Â Â 

