---
tags:
  - ðŸ—’ï¸
Date: 2023-06-16
---

# ðŸ¥Clinic:
- [volunteers::Sonja, Amanda]

## [Bano](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Bano.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Medical]+
>>##### ðŸ«§ Clean:
>> - [ðŸ§½](../Admin/Codes/Scrubbed%20cage.md)

## [2344 GHOW](../RARE%20Birds/2344%20GHOW.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!notice]
>> ##### ðŸ—¨ï¸Comments:
>> - Go slow with feeding.
>> - Recheck warp on 6/23.Â 
>> - Last day for fluids.
>> - Please use turf perches for her feet.Â Â 
>
>> [!Food]+
>> ##### Yesterday's Food: #mcl/list-grid
>> |ðŸ—‘ï¸ Leftovers| Removed?
>> |---|---|
>>|Some regurg|Yes
>>
>> ##### New Food:
>> |ðŸšš Food Delivery| ðŸ½ï¸ Fed|
>> |---|---|
>>|ðŸ«±|Skinned ðŸ­ðŸ­ðŸ­ with ðŸ’§
>>
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ’Š Meds:
>> - Fluids
>> - Started on Clavacilian (7days)Â 
>> - Started on Metacam (2days).
>>
>> ##### ðŸ©ºCaregiving:
>> - Under anesthesia, removed the ball wrap and replaced the wrap.Â 
>> - Picked at the affected area on the foot, pulled the scab plug.Â 
>> - Washed area with wound wash and applied SSD.
>> - Reapplied tail sheath.
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Seems to be able to eat better.
>> - Weighed, lost weight.Â 

# ðŸ¡Barn:
- [volunteers::Amanda]

## [Asio](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Asio.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Medical]+
>>##### ðŸ«§ Clean:
>> - [ðŸ§½](../Admin/Codes/Scrubbed%20cage.md)
>> - [ðŸ’§](../Admin/Codes/Fresh%20water.md)
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Was on the top of the nest box, peered over the edge to watch

## [Denali](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Denali.md):
> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!Medical]+
>>##### ðŸ«§ Clean:
>>- [ðŸ’§](../Admin/Codes/Fresh%20water.md)
>>- Cleaned up the stump we set her food on.
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Didn't seem to mind me being there, didn't jump perches when I was looking for pellets under her
>>

# ðŸ“žCalls:
- [volunteers::]
- Call from Paterick in the Quad Cities.Â  Download Kestrel, thought it had a wing injury.Â  Colin confirmed it was a young one and did not have an injury.
- Baby skunks - Referred.
- Racoon - Referred.
- Hawk in Ill, did not leave a number, Dawn retrieved the number and we called and left a message.
- Two calls about baby ducks, both referred. One asked if they could put them in with their friend's farm ducks, told her that was illegal, and she needs to call the rehabber.

