---
tags:
  - ðŸ—’ï¸
Date: 2024-03-21
---

# ðŸ¥Clinic:
- [volunteers::Denise, Dana]

## [Killy](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Killy.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - [ðŸªŸ WT](../Admin/Codes/Window%20time.md)
>> - Very vocal.

## [2411 BDOW](../RARE%20Birds/2411%20BDOW.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!notice]
>> ##### ðŸ—¨ï¸Comments:
>> - Ready for Barn.
>
>> [!Food]+
>> ##### Yesterday's Food: #mcl/list-grid
>> |ðŸ—‘ï¸ Leftovers| Removed?
>> |---|---|
>>|ðŸ­|No
>>
>> ##### New Food:
>> |ðŸšš Food Delivery| ðŸ½ï¸ Fed|
>> |---|---|
>>|[ðŸŸ¡WF](../Admin/Codes/Whole%20food.md)|ðŸ­ðŸ­
>
>> [!Medical]+
>>##### ðŸ«§ Clean:
>> - [ðŸ§¼âž— Cleaned with divider](../Admin/Codes/Cleaned%20with%20divider.md)
>>

# âœ¨New Admit:

## [2418 BDOW](../RARE%20Birds/2418%20BDOW.md):
> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!notice]
>> ##### ðŸ’¥Significant Event:
>> - (se-2418-BDOW:: [âœ¨ New Admit](../Admin/Codes/New%20Admit.md))
>>
>> ##### ðŸ” Finder Type:
>> - Jack Wilbourne from Cedar County Conservation
>>
>> ##### ðŸŒ† City/County:
>> - Tipton
>>
>>##### ðŸ—¨ï¸ Comments:
>>- Found on gravel road.
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ’Š Meds:
>> - 20 cc Norm and 20 cc LRS between L & R [ing](../Admin/Codes/inguinals.md)
>> - Ointment to both eyes.
>> - [Metacam](../Admin/Codes/Medication/Metacam.md)
>>
>> ##### ðŸ©ºCaregiving:
>> - Set up on warm buddy.
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - Was really out of it when I got to clinic.
>> - Did a light exam but could not find any [FX](../Admin/Codes/Fracture.md)
>>
>>##### ðŸ¥¼ Rule/Out:
>>- [HBC](../Admin/Codes/HBC.md)
>>
>> ##### ðŸ—¨ï¸ Treatment Comments:
>> - Needs more thorough exam tomorrow and tail sheath.
>

> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!Individual-Body-Parts]+
>>|Part |â— Findings| ðŸ—¨ï¸ Comments|
>>|---|---|---|---|
>>| ðŸ‘ï¸Eyes|Holding both closed|
>>| ðŸ§  Neurological|Head trauma|

# ðŸ¡Barn:
- [volunteers::Kim]
- All Ed birds fine. Quails for all except Asio (mouse).Â 
- After I fed everyone, I found a quail head in the food bucket. Not sure who got the headless quail! Lots of deer out today on the drive in. It was very pretty.

## [2405 RTHA](../RARE%20Birds/2405%20RTHA.md):
> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!Food]+
>> ##### Yesterday's Food: #mcl/list-grid
>> |ðŸ—‘ï¸ Leftovers| Removed?
>> |---|---|
>>|ðŸ­|
>>
>> ##### ðŸ½ï¸ Fed:
>> - [ðŸ¥Q](../Admin/Codes/Food/Quail.md)
>
>> [!Medical]+
>>##### ðŸ«§ Clean:
>>- [ðŸª¶ Picked up feathers](../Admin/Codes/Picked%20up%20feathers.md)
>>	- Lost a flight feather.
>>
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - On perch upon arrival.
>> - Flew to ground and ran away twice.

# ðŸ“žCalls:
- [volunteers::]
- Fairfield, Alisha reported a BAEA in cornfield that she has observed the last 2 days.Â  She was concerned when it was still there this morning and said it looked in rough shape.Â  Dan Henderson went out to check on it.Â The BAEA was gone when he got there and he found a deer carcass that it probably had been feeding on. Thanks to Colin for recommending Dan.