---
tags:
  - ðŸ—’ï¸
Date: 2024-05-13
---

# ðŸ¥Clinic:
- [volunteers::Sonja, Dawn, Colin, Lia]
- All eagles removed from the freezers and shipped to the NER.Â  I did not move the birds from the upright freezer to the chest freezer.Â Â 
- Dawn: I finally got a hold of Ryan Webster and notified him that HY BDOW 2440 died.Â 
- Dawn: On 5/8/24, I notified Cody Fletcher (original finder) that we placed HY BDOW 2439 in a foster nest

## [Killy](../RARE%20Birds/Ed%20Birds/Killy.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - [ðŸªŸ WT](../Admin/Codes/Window%20time.md)

## [2434 BDOW](../RARE%20Birds/2434%20BDOW.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!notice]
>> ##### ðŸ’¥Significant Event:
>> - (se-2434-BDOW:: [ðŸ˜­ Euthanized](../Admin/Codes/Euthanized.md))
>>
>> ##### ðŸ—¨ï¸Comments:
>> - Humanely euthanized due to poor prognosis.
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ”­ Observations:
>> - L eye was just a void - could not see pupil or iris. R eye not responsive - completely dilated.

## [2426 BDOW](../RARE%20Birds/2426%20BDOW.md):
> [!multi-column]+
>
>> [!Medical]+
>> ##### ðŸ’Š Meds:
>> - 0.5 m: [Metacam](../Admin/Codes/Medication/Metacam.md) [PO](../Admin/Codes/Per%20os.md)
>>
>> ##### ðŸ©ºCaregiving:
>> - Debrided wound under anesthesia.
>> - Applied ssd, tefla pad, tegaderm, and canvas wrap.
>> - [Reapplied tail sheath](../Admin/Codes/Reapplied%20tail%20sheath.md)
>>

# ðŸ“žCalls:
- [volunteers::]
- Raccoon - referred.
- Baby duck #1 - referred.
- Baby duck #2 - referred.
- Window strike - referred and informed to leave it be for a while to see if it recovers.
- Baby BDOW in marion. They have had it since last night and fed it raw chicken. Informed to put it back where they found it. Son and grandson found it while mushroom hunting and she's not sure if they know where exactly they found it. She will call my cell when they get home so we can figure out next steps.